welcome to Hoffman kitchen today we're
going to make penne with vodka and the
spicy cream sauce it's a very simple
dish to make I love it it is going to be
your favorite I promise you
so let's get it going we'll start with
garlic will chop it up fine and you know
how to chop garlic take a claw you cut
off the head and then you smash it just
like that
take off the peel and start chopping
fine so I have your boiling water on the
stove there's about five quarts of water
all I don't about a tablespoon and a
half of salt the boiling water and my
penne is about a pound of penne and I'm
gonna let it boil while the pastas
boiling I'm gonna prepare the sauce I'm
gonna pour about a quarter of a cup of
olive oil the best quality olive oil I
can find possibly I'm gonna add on about
a half a teaspoon of crushed pepper and
about four cloves of garlic that I've
chopped before and I'm gonna have it
just so Tissot tick slowly just make
sure I don't burn the garlic I would say
on the low fire and just watch it
carefully so it doesn't burn doesn't
turn yellow so you want to get just a
little bit about a minute or so turning
golden before you add on the tomatoes so
it's been about a minute I'm gonna add
on a pinch of salt and my crushed
tomatoes
I'm gonna have my sauce cook for about
15 minutes and my pastas just about done
you just cook it according to your
instructions on the box but this one is
down and we're gonna drain it now I'm
gonna drain my pasta you want to make
sure it's drained thoroughly just shake
it up so the water comes out and we're
ready to put it in into our sauce and
we're gonna add on the pasta to the
sauce mix it well and we're gonna up it
is we're gonna add on two tablespoons of
vodka let's fly to tablespoons and we're
gonna let it just toss it a little bit
let the alcohol
come out of the vodka and absorbed into
the pasta U+ it well and now we're gonna
add on one cup of heavy cream and again
toss it again and it's really nice we're
gonna cover it and let it simmer very
low heat for about a minute or two
now our plasti has absorbed the sauce
it's really wonderful it's ready to go
actually if you want to serve it for
kids don't like green stuff serve it as
it is or you can add on a quarter of a
cup of parsley and mix it in into the
penne I'm not gonna do it today since my
kids don't like parsley so I'm gonna do
it but it's suggested to mix in some
parsley so we are ready to serve and
we're gonna serve the pasta a nice
colorful Bowl
I love this paleo plate from Italy I
bought on my honeymoon actually and here
we have panella vodka and it's delicious
and enjoy